[Orchestral Music]
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[Music Continues]
[Explosion]
[Mischievous Music]
[Car engine revving]
And here we are. back where we
started.
Your future mountain abode.
Fit for a king or a pair of
queens. as I should say.
In your case.
We could be kings.
If it's more apropos.
We like to think of ourselves
as modern folk.
Well. in that case. my queens.
What were you thinking?
Do not give this place to
anyone else.
No more showings posthaste.
Our representative is going to
call you within 48 hours to
make an offer.
I'll hold it for you.
No more showings.
Posthaste.
I was secretive.
I didn't like to talk a lot
about myself.
I'm a rotten woman with a
checkered past.
A woman on the run.
Once I chose what I wanted to
do in life. I was going to be
the very best in the world at
it.
That's how I took on my career
as a huckster of homes.
That's how I took on my
marriage. and that's how I
took on rectifying a life that
had gone to the dogs.
Just a few short years before.
Those people. that couple you
showed the place to.
We can't have that
materialistic sort around here
muddying the waters.
Who are you?
I'm Marlene. I live over
there.
Well. Marlene. chances are
they're going to be
materialistic if they have the
kind of money that can afford
them a place like this.
There. Now. you know. I
Strongly advise you not to
sell it to that couple.
I didn't ask for your advice.
How are you doing today.
brother? I ain't seen you
before in these parts.
Well. truth be told. I haven't
been in these parts before.
What you doing here. mister?
A little hunting.
Tell me. You seen this guy in
this girl before?
I know who she is.
Well. that'd be great if you
did.
You make my day.
You know what would make it
even better? You could tell me
where she works.
Well. you see. that's going to
cost you.
Cost me what to identify
someone in a photo
Made your day a stranger.
Now listen here. you local
yokel.
Local what?
Yokel.
What's that supposed to mean?
Well. it's like. uh. you're a
townie or a hillbilly.
Hillbilly?
That ain't nothin too nice
there. mister.
You know what would be nicer?
You want to know who that girl
is?
What's your prize?
I want 100 bucks in Bitcoin.
Bitcoin. huh?
Who's the hillbilly now?
I'll tell you what.
How about 50 in cash?
That'll do. Uh. just watch
what you call me.
No. I didn't mean anything bad
by calling you yokel.
Oh. I see.
Which way did you mean it?
Well. it's like a terms of
endearment means you're part
of the local color.
You're a real character.
that's all.
I guess that ain't too bad.
Yeah.
First things first.
First name first.
Her name's Sam.
It sure is.
No. No. I got a few more
questions for you.
Look for work today. hon.
Any new leaves.
Um. you know.
In other words. you didn't
look for anything.
So in other words. how about
you stop riding my ass first
thing after getting home.
sweetheart?
Are you doing?
Give that back.
Get a job. Travis.
I'm tired of supporting your
sorry ass.
Every day you just sit on that
damn couch getting more and
more depressed. Meanwhile. I'm
the only one holding this
place down. Barely.
All right. all right.
What job?
You say that every month.
Meanwhile. we're not paying
our bills.
If you ever opened a goddamn
piece of mail. you might
notice that
The minute you walk in the
door.
Do you even know what a job
is? Do you even get the
concept of work?
Yeah. At least my dick still
work.
Yeah. barely.
Give me that bottle. baby.
Come on.
How can you even drink this
fucking swill? Boy. I really
landed a class act.
You don't got it.
Insult me.
You backwoods. lazy shit
eating.
Got something to say? Say it.
Been drinking a bit yourself.
have you? Insult me about
getting a goddamn job.
I got a question for you. Sam.
You sold any real estate
lately? You know. just because
you work. Don't mean you get
any money in this broke dick
economy.
You're pathetic. What the fuck
is wrong with you?
Oh oh. What are you going to
do. big man? Huh? Huh? Fuck
you!
Fuck is wrong with you? What
the fuck are you laughing
about? You know. Travis.
you're really starting to piss
me off. Will you please stop
laughing? Will you stop
laughing? I'm.
That a girl think you're so
tough now.
I see him.
I'm glad you think this is all
so funny.
Meanwhile. you still don't
have a fucking job.
My damn ball!
That's not funny anymore. is
it?
Damn. Sam. I'm trying to tell
you I got a job or a lead and
a job. Oh. shit.
You got to kick my goddamn ass
from here to motherfucking
Valhalla before I can get the
goddamn words out of my mouth.
Mm.
Are you being serious right
now or are you just making
shit up so I don't kick your
ass some more?
I'm serious.
Well. what is it. then?
You got a lead on this job?
I'd pay for weeks.
What is it? Repairing a dock
on a lake.
Not too down the road.
Well. God damn.
I'm sorry. I hate you.
It's fucked up. baby.
I'm so sorry.
I got a job here for this
French fella.
He's got a remote house on
this lake.
It's a big house. baby.
It's so big.
I'm going down and take a look
on Saturday.
I got an appointment and
everything.
You'd be so proud.
It's so sweet.
Babe mere inches from selling
that big house I've been
telling you about.
Oh. yeah. And now you got
this.
Yeah. We're gonna be all
right.
You and me.
Okay. Okay.
I'd say it deserves a drink.
I think we're looking good on
Terrace View.
We'll see where they land on
it.
You are
A machine. Beautiful.
Every agent in this office
knows that we'd be lost
without you.
Oh!
Stop it. You know it's true.
Brenda.
Oh. honey. one more thing.
When. honey. I just want to
say.
How are things with you and
Travis? Things going better?
You're so sweet.
We're doing great.
Well. you know. I'm always
there for both of you.
There's a couple blocks down.
and either you need a couch.
Talk to you later.
The.
Sam's great. isn't she?
Love her to death.
I just worry sometimes. that's
all.
I mean. she's the best.
really.
But the drinking. I worry.
I'm not saying this.
I hear it around.
Not just for her. but how it
reflects on this office will
be.
I know you're an agent.
I'm just a lowly assistant.
Would you kindly knock it the
fuck off?
I just finished a showing.
I was talking to Brenda.
Coming home now.
I know last night was rough.
But I love you.
I just want to meet your mama
on a Sunday.
I make love to you all day on
a Monday.
I'm hanging up now.
They were clandestine
airstrikes somewhere.
Environmental manipulation
somewhere else.
A world gone mad with
ignorance.
Possible harbingers of a
coming apocalypse.
But that was all background
haze.
Like the blue smoke I often
wheezed over
Long summer evenings.
As I scratched out the
troubles of the passing.
Lingering swirls hanging in
the air. as inconsequential
and disparate as the struggles
that permeated this garish
life dream. If I was grieving.
it was because I hadn't let go
of the past.
The ill winds of fortune that
led me to this desolate town.
If I was anxious. it was
because somewhere in the
depths I sensed a forlorn end
to punctuate this existence
after the coming violence that
will have led me to it.
With little regard for idle
pleasures. I was doomed to
play the villain's part.
Here I am. a rail town amongst
the vulgar and profane.
In the depths of hell.
Can I help you?
Oh. ma'am. I'm afraid there's
no hope for that.
I'm a fallen soul.
Oh.
Well. Well. what may I do for
you?
Well. what can you tell me
about Sam lives over there.
Ah. well. she works a lot. but
she's always down for a good
time. Good time. Sammy.
That's her. Also. she has a
deadbeat husband.
Well. they're both drunks and
they fight a lot.
Do you mean physical?
Oh. sometimes I don't know.
I hear a lot of banging going
on in there. and I ain't just
talking about the usual kind
of banging.
You know what that is. don't
you. mister?
Well. I think I remember that.
I meant. More like physical
violence.
No. I never seen no bruises.
I mean. no. sorry. not a one.
What did you say a deadbeat
does?
I didn't. and he doesn't.
Doesn't do anything.
Oh.
You know. he's probably drunk
in there right now.
If you want to go see him.
Oh. no. I don't
Want to go see him.
But I'm actually in the market
for a house of my own in the
region here. What you've done
with your place. I mean. these
flower beds are lovely.
Um. you know what? I have to
go back inside and fix dinner
for herb. I'm really sorry
about that. sir.
It was nice to meet you.
I hope I was of some help.
Well. as I told you. there's
no hope for me.
I.
By Mr.
Tata. For now.
Yeah.
Cool. Can we be friends after
the sale. like the three of
us?
Oh. that would be sweet.
I would love that.
Well. you both have my
personal cell and email. so by
all means. Oh. no.
Uh. Uh. Marlene.
Was it? Marlene. I'm
incredibly busy with clients
at the moment. but I'd be more
than happy to talk with you
after.
Are you the neighbor?
There's a special energy here
that needs preserving.
Marlene.
Some say we have a special
energy. don't they? They do.
This area is changing. and not
for the better.
I know what type you two are.
I'm going inside.
Molly.
Can we discuss this after?
It's a slippery slope.
You know. the way a place
changes. the energy gets
destroyed. One materialist
couple from the city at a
time.
Jerry. can I see you for a
moment?
Yeah. Sure thing.
For the record. I have nothing
against the fact that you were
both women. It's just that.
Marlon.
I've been incredibly patient
with you up until this point.
Let's not escalate here.
Patient?
This is not your home.
It is I who is patient with
you.
Oh.
Well. there you have it.
It's a lovely home. but she
comes with it.
You and Darla will just have
to factor that into your
decision making process.
I appreciate your honesty.
Sam.
Oh.
No one's ever said that to me
in all my life.
I smell gas inside the house.
The house smells like gas.
Ah.
This cabin is leaking gas
heavily.
I'm sure it's not.
No. It is.
I smell it.
This room is filled with gas.
Your husband is looking for
you.
That means perfectly fine at
home.
Are you sure about that?
Who are you?
I'm interested in the house.
How much?
Jenny wants our house?
Yeah. How much?
I'm afraid these women have
already entered negotiations
on a deal.
Which means the deal isn't
done yet.
Right. And I got cash.
Anyone mind if I smoke?
No. You know what? I've been
trying to quit.
Cigarettes are killers that
travel in packs.
Remember. your husband is
looking for you.
Have a nice day. y'all.
I'll be damned.
The audacity.
Now. I really. really want you
both to have the house putting
that out there in the
universe.
That man was evil.
Does Travis know about your
husband?
Ma'am.
Travis is my husband.
Ma'am. this line needs to
move.
Hey. lady. Whew.
I'm so sorry.
Does Travis know about
Madeleine?
Keep the change.
Do not follow me.
Yeah.
Hear my words when I'm
speaking.
Move the crypto down.
Let our surrogates in the
press frame it.
Move it down.
Know that that is another
topic.
Again. I repeat. that is
another topic.
As you know. I do not discuss
biotech on this line.
I think I'm not aware of that.
There are degrees of security.
the replication tech in
particular. I do not discuss.
you know. this.
I got to go.
I found her.
She's here.
The past won't let me go.
All those hateful things haunt
me.
Evil. Rotten to the core.
A fallen woman.
And living inside of a lie.
If I died. the world would
just go on.
All my greatest fears.
Already come true.
So be it.
Oh. there she is.
You okay. sunshine?
Just some bad dreams
Again. huh? Oh. God.
Careful there.
As always.
Hey. uh. I'm gonna go hop in
the shower right and left your
breakfast on the table.
You're standing in my
neighbor's house.
I bought it.
The house.
The whole thing.
Without my knowing about it.
Right across the street from
where I live.
Details I want details.
Come on now.
Give them up.
Details. details. Why fish for
the devil.
Now. what about it?
What of what?
Your husband.
My husband. Travis. is having
a nice. relaxing. hot shower.
And that house that you just
watched me walk out of there.
Satisfied?
Um. no.
I'll call the police.
Oh. I think we both know that
involving the police isn't in
your best interest. is it?
Who are you?
Shall we discuss? Madeline?
Sam.
I don't know what you mean.
It's all coming back. isn't
it?
What's your relation to what
you're.
Alluding to.
Well. let's just say that you
have a very powerful adversary
out there somewhere.
Very powerful adversary
indeed.
You know the question I must
have answered Peter.
Before I give the command
before the Blitz.
That's right. Peter.
I do know the question that
haunts you. Mr. Locke.
I have a lead on that.
Her friend. local woman named
Brenda.
The closest thing she has to a
confidant in this whistle
stop. It's wonderful.
I await your next dispatch.
The start of spring.
Oh. baby. that's not a thing.
Are you with that?
I used to think that life
could be so.
Oh. predictable. I kept
My heart in a cage and was so
Unreachable.
But then you came along and
turned dark into light.
I was cruel to those whose
secrets are exposed.
Right. You set my heart on
fire and often fly.
I used to think that love
could be so damned ridiculous.
I kept my stiff upper lip and
was so meticulous.
But then you came along and
you showed me the way.
You turned the long. cold
night into a brand new.
bright. shiny day.
Well be no great.
Skies. Only blue sky.
Highs and deep in your.
I'll see the sun shine
brightly on a brand new day.
Now life is
So adventurous I know.
True love is meant for us.
I'm so
Darn glad. Hey. what'd I miss?
Nothing. Some idiot just
jumped on the pool table.
Dark. cold night.
You turned the dark. cold
night.
night into a brand new.
bright. shiny day.
Every bright. shiny day.
He bright. shiny day.
How do.
Uh. my my friends and I are
heading to a table in the
back. If you.
If you want to come.
Oh. maybe some other time.
Perhaps.
Okay.
Uh. that was quite a
performance.
What can I do you for?
Scotch mist on the rocks.
Coming right up.
Chelsea. There you go.
Thank you. Welcome.
Well. you are just the lamb.
This lion was hoping to meet.
I never saw someone command a
room like that.
I was just blowing off a
little steam.
You want something?
Just you.
Oh. you don't mince your
words.
I don't mince actions either.
If you prefer to retire.
To more private quarters.
The lovely. Well. since we are
talking so directly. how about
this? Sir. you and I have a
couple of drinks. and if you
give me a nudge.
I'll be happy to retire with
you.
Hell. I'd retire to Florida
with you.
Oh. How's that sound? I'm all
for it.
Mr..
Peter.
Oh. baby. I still can't
believe you bought this house.
Furnished no less.
Oh. and how it's furnished.
Have you met my nephew? You
see. I happen to believe in
taking things to their logical
extreme.
Oh. I saw a vacation rental.
which does not suffice.
Oh. believe me. this
Will be the talk of the real
estate world up here.
You fascinating man.
You my girlfriend? Sam lives
right across the street.
Oh. Does she? My new neighbor.
You want a shot? Hmm.
Do tell me about her.
Oh. we work together.
Oh. in. uh. real estate.
Right?
That's right. Now. can we
dispense with the small talk?
I work in real estate.
Enjoy pina coladas and long
walks on the beach there.
We're all caught up.
Whoa! Ah! What makes you tick?
Well. I run on controlled
substances and inappropriate
thoughts.
So tell me how you want it.
You treat me like a queen.
And I'll treat you like a
king.
You treat me like some game.
And I will show you how it's
played.
Oh.
Would you stop talking like an
idiot?
Of course I talk like an
idiot.
How else could you understand
me?
Oh. go to hell. woman.
Oh. honey. where do you think
I came from?
Oh. I see you only leave me
with two options.
Is that it? Yeah.
Well. I had to stop and. you
know. wait for the storm to
pass. Or I grab an umbrella
and I dance in the rain.
Well. I
Think you better grab yourself
an umbrella.
Yeah. There's always a wild
side behind an innocent face.
You know how I explained that
in the beginning. God created
man. But then God had a better
idea.
Oh. so you want a God's good
girls. or do you have naughty
thoughts?
Oh. please. A good girl with
naughty thoughts is still just
a good girl.
A woman was naughty thoughts
knows just what to do with
them.
Oh. and tell me some of your
naughty thoughts I scratch and
I fight I'll make you crawl
and beg.
We need
You. The bite of your teeth.
My mind. The things you say to
this man.
Well. my mother's always been.
Be just as picky with your man
as you are with your selfies.
God. do you ever stop?
I should have been born with a
warning label.
I guess you don't know.
See. I should be getting
fucked to sleep right now.
But instead I'm lying here
with you on top of me talking.
How old are you. by the way?
58. Going on 16.
Um. That's what I thought.
This is the moment when.
You hold my hands over my
head.
Pin them down.
Look me in the eye.
And then slowly. slowly slide
inside.
What you doing there. Sam?
Just sorting out some HOA
docs.
Why do you ask?
I'm just making sure you're
doing okay.
I'm doing great. Willoughby.
How are you doing?
I'm good.
Good. Glad we had this
discussion.
Now back to work.
Good call.
You know. I can always smell
it on you.
Always. No matter the time of
day.
Excuse me.
I'm talking about your
drinking. Sam.
Everybody knows you really
ought to get that under
control. You're an alcoholic.
I'm saying this as a friend
and coworker.
I'm an.
Well. that's a strong
accusation. Willoughby.
Not too professional a thing
to say to a co-worker.
This isn't a personal attack.
I'm just saying I can smell it
on you. is all.
And there's concern.
More than just me.
Well. Willoughby. fat boy. I'm
a bit concerned about your
relationship with Twinkies.
Diabetes is no laughing
matter.
I say this from a place of
concern.
My relationship with Twinkies.
Nice diversion. Sam.
You're drunk.
And by the way. large man.
stop talking to Brenda about
me. Yes. I know all about
that.
I'm the fucking alcoholic.
What the fuck
Are you talking about.
Willoughby? You have a goddamn
clue. Just out of nowhere. you
start prying into my personal
doings. You fucking hear what
I'm saying to you. you low
level Twinkie breathing
dipstick?
Okay. you're
Getting unhinged here.
I wasn't accusing you of
anything.
Well. what the
Fuck were you doing then.
Willoughby? Giving me
compliments. you limp dick
butterball?
I'm sorry. I didn't mean it.
Next time you come at me with
a fucking attitude. you best
get yourself in shape first.
you understand? Because I'm
liable to kick your flabby ass
over some shit like this.
Got it?
Who?
Dear sir. your former wife can
be found at the following
coordinates. Surely you've
been curious where she went.
Your presence is expected at
said coordinates. and
precisely two days. arriving
no later than 2 p.m..
Failure to arrive in time will
result in her termination.
For you to acknowledge this
letter. or an attempt to
involve authorities will
result in termination of your
current wife and child.
We look forward to seeing you
soon.
Sincerely. friends.
Everything okay?
Uh. yes.
Absolutely.
You look concerned.
Just some from the tax guys.
Is it bad that the taxing.
Nothing to worry about. babe.
I'll handle it.
I'm gonna go take care of some
emails while you finish.
Okay.
What the hell happened? Where
did you go.
Sam?
I used to live across from
you.
I mean. you used to live
across from me.
Another strange. fucked up man
lives there.
Drives a black sedan.
Yeah. I did sell it.
Man. Gotta live.
And it was a generous offer.
Twice what it's worth.
The catch was I had to move
immediately.
And so I'm stuck at this hotel
until I can find a place.
Where's this fucking guy?
I can't shake him.
Oh. Sherrie. Hi.
Nothing of concern.
Give my best to Chuck.
Chuck died last year.
Oh. darling. you were too good
for him anyway.
Move along now.
Move along.
Goddamn.
You're going fucking crazy or
what?
Your husband just received
these.
I have a husband. and he's
here.
AU contraire. You left your
husband just after it
happened. didn't you. Sam?
Although Sam is just a name
you made up when you got to
this little town. isn't it
back then? You were called
something else.
Lydia.
We'll meet again.
Don't know where? Don't know.
But I know we.
Meet again some sunny day.
Keep smiling through. just
like you always do.
Tell the. Drive the dark
clouds far away.
Keep smiling through.
Just like you always do.
Do. Till the blue skies drive.
The dark clouds far away.
Thank you. Thank you.
For.
You told me it was over.
Grant. this isn't
What you think.
Not what I think.
I saw you making out with her.
We're old friends.
I missed her old friends.
How you treat old friends.
The fuck makes you think that
this is any of your business
anyway? You dumb fucking
Bitch! Ah! Ah ah
Ah ah!
Enough!
You're despicable. Grant.
It's over.
Of course it's over. bitch!
Dear Grant. what we shared was
often sweet.
I'm leaving you.
I'll never be back.
Don't look for me.
Signing off your former wife.
Lydia.
Anything you want to say or
convey to me.
Got anything?
Because I'm all ears.
And this is your last chance.
Ha ha.
Got anything?
Her name was Madeleine.
Yes. That was her name.
Why are you here?
You can think of me as the
spirit of justice.
You're going to pay for what
you've done. and I'm here to
provide that service.
Service to this adversary.
You mentioned.
Well. you just think of him as
a concerned party and we'll
leave it at that.
Maybe. Maybe I can make amends
in another way.
More. Positive way.
A conversation. anything at
all that might change the
dynamics of the situation.
The intended payback is
anything.
Anything. Anything.
I bet you would do anything.
But no. Tell me about that
night.
It was.
An accident.
It was raining.
I was confused.
It's all so confusing.
I see. Were you high? Sam? No.
Were you drunk?
No.
You were drunk.
Let me ask that question
again.
Were you drunk? Lydia?
No. I
I I
I I.
I don't know.
You don't know.
You're not sure.
You can't remember.
It was so confusing.
You know what? You know what.
Sam? I don't know why you're
putting such significance on
this.
We all exist in this sort of.
you know. absurd chaos.
You know. the most important
thing to do.
It's just really important
that you just try to keep a
positive attitude as you
continue to walk on this
planet.
And have accountability for
the things that we've done.
Uh. Uh. Hell.
Damn. I was hoping day would
never come.
In the throes
Of a passion.
I taste him and realize I've
been starving.
Woo!
I. Want to know more about my.
Neighbor.
Your neighbor. Sam.
Oh. is
That her name?
Sam is married in about 20
years.
Too young. Not to mention
you're mine.
I'm going to ask that you give
me a little more credit than
that.
Yeah. So what is it. then?
Well. I want to know about
your life.
But your friendships. your
relationships.
I mean. who do you confide in?
Does she confide in you?
Oh. you're so inquisitive.
Well. Sam's a dynamo.
I love her.
And sure. we talk.
This is just
One of those things. because
if I stayed and tried to
explain. I knew I never would
have left.
Everything is just fine to us.
I need you to understand me on
this one.
Here. darling. This is just
one of those things that.
It's more than that.
In theory.
Coffee.
I just have a sip of yours.
So then do you and
Sam.
Like. have a. I don't know.
like. deep rooted
Conversations.
You know. about.
I don't know. past regrets
Or heartbreaks or that kind of
thing.
You are so persistent on this
topic. and I really don't know
why.
I think it's because.
You've started to touch my
heart.
I'm honored.
No. no. Sit with me for a bit
longer.
Good girl. Sit.
Bad bitches. Right.
I should really go.
Well. well. you're on your
way.
Just give some thought to us
getting married the next time
we see each other.
Oh. Speechless for once.
Are you serious?
Well. since you're so curious.
SIM talks to me about her
husband. Travis.
They fight and they fight a
lot.
That's terrible. Hmm'hmm.
I wonder if the.
Drinking and the fighting is
concealing some.
What's the phrase? Yeah. like
some deep seated
Guilt for
Some past action.
Sure.
I really don't know.
She doesn't ever talk to you
about things like this.
Well. what? Her past before
moving here?
Correct. I'm afraid not.
Are you sure?
Positive.
Now. what is this really all
about?
To be continued lover man.
You have something juicy for
me. Peter? The first husband
got the Geo chords.
As per your request.
I suspect he'll arrive in the
fun zone sometime in the next
24 or 48 hours.
Well. that ought to work out
nicely.
As you know. she's remarried
some small town Gomer named
Travis. She apparently loves
him.
I was surprised of all but the
last.
I'm happy so far. Peter.
Thank you
Sir. And the questions.
You've had the burning
question.
The question of guilt.
The Morse.
Is it tearing her up?
Or is she living a life of
wild hedonism? With no care
for what she did.
Makes all the difference to
me. Peter.
The friend is a dead end.
I'm afraid I've exhausted that
lead.
And that lead exhausted me.
Sam revealed nothing to her.
Can you get it from her? From
Sam?
Name a strange credulity.
Lydia. Here's the name of
Madeleine's killer.
Can you get it? From that.
Lydia.
I can certainly try.
That's neither here nor there.
The husbands are your target.
Yes. sir. She will.
We made vulnerable.
People will know what she did.
She will experience loss.
As I did when she took my
dear. sweet Madeleine.
I got you. sir.
I feel you right here.
Just remember one thing.
What's that? Sir?
Make it messy.
Peter.
You turn that fucking shit
heap.
They call a town upside down.
You got me. Peter.
I got you. sir.
Thanks. Peter. Great work as
always.
There's just.
One more thing for you. sir.
What's that? Peter?
You're doing the right thing.
Know that.
sir. and I'm happy to be part
of it.
I'm adding a bonus of 8
million.
There. Your standard rate of
50.
That drop will happen in the
usual manner.
That's very kind.
Curious. what are your plans
after?
One of my homes.
Costa Rica. perhaps the
island.
I'll take some months.
Mission. I'm signing off now.
Peter.
Thank you sir.
Over.
Over and out.
Peter.
Is it tearing her up? Or is
she living a life of wild
hedonism with no care for what
she did?
Time will tell.
Is this an unbreakable spell?
This isn't a dream or trance.
It's the realest thing that.
I can say.
One true love.
That's our romance.
For you. baby.
No time will tell.
Is this an unbreakable spell?
This isn't a dream or trance.
No.
It's the realest thing
That I can say I've ever
known.
True.
That's our.
Hi.
I see you found the side door.
How are you?
I've never been better.
I am amazed. just stunned at
my luck.
It's like my whole life was
spent just waiting for these
perfect moments. All my
mistakes led me here and I
realize they weren't even
mistakes at all.
That's sweet. Tell me about
it.
It's just. I don't know.
There's. There are no words.
There's a kind of perfection
in the air.
It's like the whole world just
snaps into this dream state
and you just know it was
perfect all along.
Brenda.
Yeah.
Your services are no longer
required.
What? I'm serious.
It's been nice knowing you.
local lady.
Is this supposed to be funny.
Peter?
No. it's supposed to be
direct.
You mean
I do? May you live out your
remaining days in peace.
I don't believe
It. Believe it.
Am I Paradise?
Has just turned into a hell.
Is this true? Peter? Yes.
I don't believe it.
Believe it.
Oh. God. no it isn't.
You're just joshing with me
again.
I get it
Now. Get the fuck out of here.
Brenda! Scram. you whore!
Before this bark turns into a
bite.
Youth.
You talked about getting
married the next time we saw
each other.
Words have no meaning. Brenda.
Let this be a lesson to you in
false hope.
How dare you call me a whore?
And what about how you're
obviously attracted to me?
Attracted to you? You are a
trite and inconsequential
person. vile and profane.
Now get lost. will you? I have
things to do.
I'm not kidding.
I never want to see you again.
How could you do this. Peter?
Seriously? At the.
How can you do this?
Are. My God.
Goddamn. So you're.
Going out in the.
God.
Travis.
Travis. Tomorrow's a big
Day. Going out in the lake to
repair the dock.
Peter. Peter.
There you are.
I've been
So upset. What the fuck
Are you doing here?
Peter. you owe me an
explanation.
Stop it right there.
I don't owe you anything.
I want you to turn around and
walk away from here before
it's too fucking late.
Are.
Hey.
In 3.6 miles.
Take exit 730 onto Dunsmuir
Avenue.
In 1.4 miles. turn left onto
Pine Street.
He.
Turn left
Onto Pine Street.
Then arrive at your
destination.
Arrived.
God damn it.
Had my say six times and I've
missed.
You still up to this old man?
Are.
What can I do to make this all
go away?
Tell me what you want.
I want you to hurt.
Option. Anything.
We're to carry out the will of
the injured party.
Sorry. Madeline's loved one.
Who's behind this? If you only
knew.
Who's my adversary?
Hi there. Can I help you with
something?
Hi. My husband Travis.
Oh. you're Travis girl.
Yeah. Nice to meet you.
You just missed him.
He was here.
Yeah. He's eager to get
started on the dock.
I'm sure he'll do great.
Sam.
I'm not here to kill you.
If I was. you'd be dead
already.
But that Travis boy. he's a
whole different story.
That boy is going to be dead
as a doornail by the close of
business today.
And there's another one I have
on my radar to take care of by
sunset. Grant.
Tell me about the past. Sam.
Tell me everything.
First of all. let me go.
Other set for things.
They aren't me.
Evil.
Rotten to the core.
Woman.
I love this.
I lost. So.
Codependent and I think inside
of a lie.
If I died. the world would
just go on without me.
Oh my God.
True.
And do you feel remorse for
what you did?
Your adversary wants to know
this more than anything.
Ah ah ah.
Let me explain something to
you.
All right. Let me make it
clear.
I'm not supposed to kill you.
But if it happens. I can
easily explain it to my boss.
Ha ha ha
Ha ha ha ha ha
Ha ha! How's that for a trite
and inconsequential person.
bitch?
Huh?
Huh? How did you know him?
He's been following me.
He wouldn't stop.
He was using me to get you.
He charmed me.
Tossing me a marriage.
And he turned on me like a
fucking cobra.
Who's this guy?
He's an old flame of mine.
All right. Well we're going to
talk about this more later.
I'll tell you everything.
All right.
Well. I got to get out of here
because I am going to throw
up. I'm gonna roll them out of
here.
You got this.
Ha!
I'm sorry about our marriage.
All things I did wrong.
Never had a chance to tell you
that.
I'm sorry to.
I did something terrible.
Something much worse than you
ever did against us.
Something I haven't
confronted.
All those years.
Until now.
That's what this was all about
today.
You don't need to apologize.
I never meant to drag you into
any of this.
All this running around and
lying.
We got it with me.
God.
Both of us.
I need to make some changes.
I'm not doing it right.
This life thing.
You're alive. Lydia.
That's all that matters.
I just wanted you to
Know the truth.
Miles from the ground.
I am so happy to see the two
of you
Alive and well.
Let me get you both a drink.
Oh. no no no no no. thanks.
Good. Gave up the sauce.
Is that right?
Yeah. We did.
Wow. I'll drink to that.
Brenda? Yeah. Thank you for
setting this up.
Hey. Anytime. kid.
Jesus. I'm so nervous.
I don't even know if I can go
through with it.
It's been so long. I.
Sam.
You're going to be great.
Thank you. Brenda.
Thanks. hon.
I'll go knock them dead.
Feel the need again.
Don't know where.
Um. but I know we'll meet
again.
Some sunny day.
As the days turned to weeks
and the weeks turned to
months. Since that fateful day
he arrived in town. I find
myself asking. Have I atoned
at all?
For what I've done.
Humble yourselves. therefore.
under the mighty hand of God.
so that at the proper time.
He may exalt you.
Casting all your anxieties on
him.
Because. He cares for you.
Be sober. Be vigilant because
your adversary. the devil.
walks about like a roaring
lion.
Seeking whom he may devour.
And after you have suffered
for a little while.
The God of all grace.
Who has called you in his
eternal glory in Christ.
He himself. Will restore.
Confirm. Strengthen. And
establish you.
Greet one another with a kiss
of love.
Amen.
Authorities still have no
leads on the triple homicide
and mysterious explosion.
The Rock the truck stop hamlet
in in May.
That the victim seemed to be
random targets of a sniper
whose motivation remains
unaccounted for.
Bill. Bill. Bill Graves and
Cindy Cindy Cabin Cavendish
were both shot dead in the
parking lot of Ketch's General
store. Rick Hoskins Watkins. a
wealthy landowner. was later
found dead shot in front of
his lakeside manor.
An autopsy showed he was shot
the same day.
Authorities still have not
ruled out terrorism.
Jesus. honey.
I can't believe
Rick was shot the
Same day I was there.
Honey. I was really looking
forward to that job.
Oh. hon. there'll be plenty of
other jobs.
Mm. Darla. Hi.
Hi. Sam. I wanted you to hear
it from me first.
We were a bit spooked by the
gas leak. but as time goes on.
we can't stop thinking about
the home.
We'd like to buy it.
Well. Hallelujah. That's
fantastic.
It took some deliberation. but
we're terribly excited and
can't wait to be your new
neighbors in the county.
Darla. I'm gonna have to call
you right back.
Sam. is everything all.
I used to think that life
could be so.
Predictable. I kept my heart
in a cage and was so
unreachable. But. Then turned
on.
Into life turned each wrong.
You Set my heart on fire.
And the film fly.
I used
To. That love could be so damn
ridiculous.
I kept my stiff upper lip and
was.
Home and take your loss.
But then you came along and
you sold.
Only the way.
You turn the long. cold night
into a brand new. bright.
shiny day. There'll be no grey
skies.
Only blue sky.
And deep in your eyes.
I'll see the sun shine
brightly on a brand new day.
Now. Life is so adventurous.
I know true love is meant for
us.
I'm so darn glad you show me
the way.
Here. You turn the dark. cold
night into a brand new.
bright. shiny day.
You keep me young at heart.
And you had me right from the
start.
Oh. you got me singing.
Skipping and jumping and
dancing.
I feel like I can fly with
you.
We're shooting across the sky
from.
To cloud.
Where? Miles from the ground.
The roses and the daffodils
smell sweeter than ever
before. Late nights.
Lips and passion lips lead me
to.
You keep me young at heart and
you knock me off the charts.
Yes. you
Are the only
One for.
You keep me young.
You keep me young at heart.
At me right from the start.
Though. You got me singing.
Skipping and jumping and
dancing.
I feel like I can fly with.
Shooting across that sky from
cloud.
Where? Miles from the ground.
The daffodils smell sweeter
than ever be.
Late night shifts.
Passionate lips laid me.
Wanting more. You keep me
young at heart.
Knocked me right off the
charts.
Yes. you. The only one for me.
Cause you.
Min-yung at.
Young at heart.
You keep me young at heart.